I spent all morning making this!
All I asked from you
was just bringing it out...
That wasn't expected.
My hand just slipped.
"Slipped"?
Your phone never seems to slip!
Can't believe it.
You know, your phone seemed
superglued to your hand.
It's fine, Mom.
No one got hurt anyway.
There's still plenty left.
More than enough for Ran.
I actually had a hunch
it's gonna fall....
Before I knew it, SMASH!
"Smash" what?
It smashed on the floor!
You woke her up.
No, I'm rested.
Went to bed pretty early last night.
You skipped dinner yesterday.
Mom's been worried sick.
She got up at five in the morning,
hit the grocery store, and made
all sorts of food,
just so you won't
wake up starving.
Yudong asked for leave
just to be with you.
You're really holding him up.
It's no trouble at all.
You all just focus on yourselves.
Don't have to fuss over me.
Go back inside.
Once I clean it up,
I'll bring the food in for you.
Go wash your hands first.
Alright.
Leave it to me.
Just go ahead
and watch some TV.
Take a break.
We'll help you.
Why you all
watching me like this?
We just want you
to eat some more.
I am wolfing down
my second bowl now.
Eat well, sleep tight.
Look on the bright side.
Nothing really matters.
Exactly.
People online have beef
with almost everyone.
Don't take it to heart.
Turn a deaf ear to them.
Unwise to reason with a jer...
Keep eating.
I'll watch my p's and q's.
It'll pass.
Don't stoop to their level.
Those who are online all day,
to be blunt,
they've got too much time on hand.
So just like me,
they cry for attention.
Really?
That's a pinpointed self-assessment.
He finally said something sensible.
I'm telling the truth.
Things are fine as they are now.
This whole "influencer" thing
never rings
"a proper job" to me.
Enough is enough.
Right. My company
is already on track now.
Financially,
we'll see no pressure coming.
Perfect timing
for you to resign yourself.
Then we can mash
about the next project
that caught your eye.
We'll figure it out together.
He's so considerate!
Don't strain yourself.
You're in safe hands.
I'm not actually.
I just can't let it go.
I didn't mean what I was accused of.
They were being
really harsh.
It's not your fault.
Just remember,
no one
suffers more from your anger than you.
Not worth it.
"To express is to be misunderstood."
Said Lu Xun.
I don't think Lu Xun said that.
It was him.
I saw this quote online.
There was a picture of him.
See for yourself.
Lu Xun was a giant writer
and thinker.
Very deep.
Right. Even he's misunderstood.
Pick on me?
Just do it.
Still looking? Dad, stop.
Dad.
Isn't this a shopping app
you're scrolling?
Where was it?
I'm all for Ran deleting the apps.
Do we have to delete ours too?
She's not doing short videos anymore.
What's the point
in clinging to them?
Go on, delete it.
Dad, let's do this with Ran.
Then, she can be back to a normal life.
I'll go first.
Done already.
Right. Let me...
Wait, not the payment app!
You'll need it.
Don't pretend you don't know how to do it.
I...
Pretend, capable. Delete, truly no idea.
Quit it all you want.
That's it.
Okay.
Who is it?
Xinying.
She contacted me,
saying she saved up enough
and leased a malatang shop,
and urged me to keep going.
She's grown up.
Quite sensible now.
When push comes to shove,
you can always trust your family.
Sir.
Don't you think the paint
smell too strong?
None of the kind.
Then why are you wearing a mask?
I have a cold.
Stop. Stop working.
Stop it.
What now?
This is
just regular paint, right?
It's all the same.
Says who?
I made it clear that I
wanted eco-friendly paint.
No real
difference.
Unbelievable.
The color doesn't match.
Color saturation below standard!
It'll look the same once it's dry.
This is a food business.
With regular
paint,
I won't be able to open for ages.
Whose fault is that?
No big deal.
It'll dry in the same amount of time.
No problem, I swear.
I don't think it'd work out fine.
I'll call your company.
Go ahead.
In on it together, aren't you?
Fine.
The consumer hotline, then.
Maybe they can handle you.
Look at you.
Cut it!
I'll change it.
Don't call.
Youngsters now
have got quite the temper.
Stop working on it.
Change it first.
The eco-friendly kind.
[Welcome to Lucheng Legal Report.]
[I'm your host, Yuan Yuan.]
[Recently, our city cracked a]
[home burglary case.]
[The suspect]
[confessed to the crime]
[of stealing from another's home.]
[However, with new clues]
[coming to light,]
[the case has become mired in a...]
Coming.
Excuse me.
Come in.
You booked the cleaning?
Yes. Come on in.
Alright.
I'll put on my shoe covers first.
Okay.
You've got tools, right?
Sure. We provide
professional service.
Good. No rush.
Alright.
Your place is quite big.
A four-hour deep clean might
not cover the whole place.
Just do as much
as you can.
I'll handle the rest.
Feel free to leave when it's time.
Okay, okay.
Miss.
Could I have some water?
Help yourself. Over there.
You can pour from the kettle.
Thank you.
Excuse me, are you the...
Auntie Chicken Wing?
It is you, innit?
I'm meeting her in person!
I use your memes all the time.
I use yours actually.
"Desperate Personal Shopper", correct?
Yes.
Looking back now,
it was all
like a dream.
When I was young,
my husband and I worked in Beijing.
When our kid grew up,
we returned to our hometown,
running a BBQ stall there.
It's such a small town.
The liveliest spot is the town square.
There's a night market.
[Young people love to]
[hang out there.]
[Crowded and lively.]
[Good for business.]
[Sometimes, nearby,]
[people would do square dancing]
to those real upbeat music.
I'd just join in,
and stretch a little bit.
Just to have some fun.
[I don't know who]
[filmed me]
[and put it online.]
[Later, that clip of me dancing]
[got quite a lot of likes.]
[I didn't think much of it at first.]
Until one day,
someone came to tell me I went viral.
Then, out of nowhere,
people flocked to my town.
[They crowd around my stall,]
[snapping pictures]
[and whatnot.]
[They came from far away]
[just to see me.]
[At first, it was]
[quite lovely.]
[The stall was literally]
[cooking with gas.]
It wasn't long
before some MSN company
came calling me non-stop,
offering to put me on live to make it big.
As you can imagine,
they promised the world.
I was so afraid it's a scam.
I talked it over with my husband,
and we went to check it out.
It's really a big company.
But they
talked with us for a bit,
then put a huge stack of papers,
and asked us to sign our names.
[My husband and I...]
[we're not very educated.]
[So... we did, plain and simple.]
[Neither of us]
[saw the trouble coming.]
I signed an agency,
my business was steaming...
You can bet
I was doing great with grilled
chicken wings.
People came from everywhere.
Then someone got jealous.
Mucking us up,
spreading rumors.
[Although the bad guys]
[were arrested,]
[the scar]
[was here to stay.]
[So my husband and I]
[backed down.]
[We packed up and quit.]
[Came here to do an odd job.]
[But rumors die hard.]
[Leaving town]
[made them even truer.]
[As if we'd left with a guilty conscience.]
Every so often,
I get recognized
and asked who I am.
I typically brush it off.
Then what made you admit it to me?
I felt like we
had something in common.
You'd know
I was telling the truth.
This morning,
I saw people cursing you online.
That clip was
maliciously edited.
I didn't mean what they said.
I understand. I really do.
Don't mind my lecturing.
But I've been through this.
Just want to tell you
to bite the bullet.
If you get cold feet,
rumors can be
used against you.
To be honest,
I really regret it.
I shouldn't have chickened out.
I should have
stood up to it.
Those rumor-mongers are nothing.
We didn't do
anything wrong, right?
Sorry, I'm being nosy.
I'll get back to work.
You're back.
What happened?
Nothing. I'm thinking...
I'm going back to streaming.
Okay. You are
your own person.
For now,
I'm staying in the guest room.
It's not about you.
I don't want get in your way is all.
Just stay in the main room.
I've got nothing on the table.
I'll stay in the guest room.
All I need
is a bed anyway.
Alright.
You nearly freaked me out.
Let's get up, alright?
Okay.
[I agree that ordinary people]
[should be rather shameless.]
[Your success]
[is exemplar of that, innit?]
Days ago, at the peak of the outcry,
the program team wanna release this.
I went through hell to stop them.
Look at this mess.
I hoped you could raise your profile,
but some careless words
and everything blew up.
Too bad that Zhang Ran,
a rising star,
now is ruined.
Mr. Lin, this...
You're Tide Media's top streamer.
I'll surely protect you.
But if that video ever gets out,
no one knows
what it'll do to you.
Keep your head down for now,
whether you're livestreaming
or at the office.
Better safe than sorry.
When things are going well,
people think
they're capable of
doing anything.
But in the end, survival
comes first.
Don't you think?
I'll take my leave.
Go get some rest.
[Hi, Anran.]
[Anran is here.]
[Relax. It's fine.]
Anran.
How many products do we have today?
Less than 200.
180 will do.
Let me grab you some
throat lozenges.
Where's my coffee?
I'll fetch it.
Is this decaf?
Yes.
Can't you read?
I really did tell the staff
I wanted decaf.
This must've been a mistake.
Whose mistake?
Mine.
Are you trying to kill me?
How many times have I told you
too much caffeine
gives me heart palpitations?
Did you do this on purpose?
Can you please put some thought
into what you're doing?
Can't you be careful just once?
I'm sorry, Anran.
I'll go buy a new one.
Okay.
Hello everyone, I'm Zhang Ran.
Welcome to
my livestream,
Zhang Ran Live.
This is my first time going live
on this backup account,
so I'm kinda nervous.
Thank you to the viewer, FU,
for joining the stream.
Wait, Fu?
Honey, is that you?
That username sounds like a swear word.
Can you change it?
Can you leave her a comment?
Sure.
Just say "Hi, sweetheart,
we'll always support you."
Hi, sweetheart,
we'll always support you.
No, no,
delete "sweetheart",
or she will figure out it's us.
Hi, we'll always support you.
Right.
Sending it now?
Yeah, go ahead.
Thank you to the viewer
Easy Breezy.
This is great.
Usually when I text her,
she won't reply for two or three days,
but now she responds right away.
Welcome Losing Control
and Wish I Were Rich
to my stream.
Yes, it's me.
[I did participate]
[in a show,]
[but what I said]
[was maliciously edited.]
So I want to
clear a few things up here.
What I meant was not
what it looked like.
I never called
anyone shameless.
What I was trying to say is
that
ordinary people like me
have to go all in
if we want to succeed.
So at that time...
Already gone?
Fine.
[First, thank you so much]
for coming to my stream.
Some familiar faces,
some new ones.
There aren't many people here,
but I appreciate every one of you.
I know you've all
had a long day,
so I'll do a stress-relief
dance for you.
Don't get mad. Don't get mad.
[Anger gives the devil a foothold.]
[Don't get mad. Don't get mad.]
Wait, wait. Is someone
requesting to join the live?
This is my first video call
on this new account.
Okay.
I'm on now.
You're that Zhang Ran, right?
Yes, that's me.
The Zhang Ran
who's been misunderstood.
[Everyone in the live room,]
[start screen recording.]
[Today we're]
[making history.]
We'll crush her
in this battle, okay?
[This one's for us]
[regular folks.]
[If you wanna see her get punished,]
[keep the gifts coming,]
[okay?]
Can I ask
what exactly is this battle about?
[Don't worry about it.]
[Just remember one thing.]
In the end,
it's about whose fans
send more gifts.
Got it?
Okay, no problem.
[As long as after this battle,]
[you can listen to]
[what I have to say.]
[Win or lose, I don't care.]
[Hey, Mr. Wang, welcome.]
[Okay.]
[Didn't you say last time]
you wanted to see yangko dance?
I've learned it.
I'll dance for you.
How is it?
Thanks for the sports car,
[Mr. Wang.]
Here we go.
Can you teach me how to send gifts?
I wanna send her one too.
Don't waste money on that.
A new era is coming,
everyone's fired up.
My Neighbor Ms. Wang, thank you.
Thank you, Seritai.
Thanks.
To the viewer Dark Night,
spend wisely on gifts,
alright?
You still need money to live.
[But thanks for your support.]
Mr. Wang, wish you good fortune
and prosperity every day.
Wish you wealth
and a long life.
Who am I?
I don't even know who I am.
How's that, Mr. Wang?
Thank you for the carnival gift!
[You're so generous!]
Dark Night,
you trying to be the top?
You got money to burn?
I knew it, Mr. Wang.
When I finished, you'd send me gifts.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
And thanks to
everyone in my live room.
Thank you, thank you!
We won big today! Thanks.
Alright. Okay.
[I'll give you,]
[the former influencer,]
[a lesson.]
Just take your punishment.
Alright.
How do punishments usually work?
That depends on
what my fans want.
[Spend 2-3,000 yuan just to]
[make her draw circles on her face?]
[That money's wasted.]
Okay, no problem.
[As long as it's legal,]
[punish me however you want.]
Just please hear me out
about what happened with the online abuse.
Wait.
[What I said]
[had context.]
I really need to explain it
properly.
[Those words were taken out of context.]
[I've never thought]
[I wasn't ordinary,]
[because that's]
[what I really are.]
[I understand why]
[you're angry at me now.]
[I'm starting from scratch]
[with this stream]
[just to clear my name.]
[A friend once told me]
[something that really stuck.]
[She said if you don't fight]
[against misinterpretation,]
[it'll become the truth.]
This doesn't seem to fit.
Thanks. Thank you, Liang,
for bringing me 30 followers.
Thank you for
following my livestream.
Thank you all.
No matter what,
having you stay in my live room
means everything to me.
I'm really grateful.
Thank you everyone.
I hope you'll keep
hanging out in my stream.
This is Zhang Ran Live.
You're still up?
Honey, guess how many
followers I gained tonight?
Do you have to do this?
Of course.
Up by 600.
After a few PK battles,
I gained 600 followers.
I now have
600 followers in total.
I'm amazing.
Just sit down.
Come on, don't be like this.
You should be happy for me.
Look, everything I said
during the livestream
worked pretty well.
At least 600 more
people believe me now.
That's very
impressive.
Just eat something.
Aren't you eating?
I... Put that coaster
over there.
I'm good. I already ate.
Congrats.
Bye.
Leave the dishes there. I'll wash them.
Okay.
[Anran,]
[these are tonight's]
[featured lipstick shades.]
[Can't believe she's]
[fallen this far.]
[Does Zhang Ran]
really think arguing can
change the facts? That's funny.
Anran.
Funny? I don't find it
funny at all.
Tell me. What exactly
is so funny?
T-This video
really isn't funny.
I...
I'll go prep for
the livestream.
Right,
you should.
You've got so much to do
and you're here watching
these boring videos.
Go.
[No. 215.]
Did the company
give her that backup account?
No idea.
Haven't heard anything.
Aren't you pretty close
with her
assistant, Liu Bo?
Go find out.
He quit.
[When Zhang Ran left, he left too.]
He left with her?
How loyal.
That's nice.
If I quit one day,
would you leave too?
[No. 7.]
Tissue.
The perfume game
never slows down.
When girls post their perfume collections,
it's not just about the scent.
When they take photos
of perfumes,
they're showing
how many bottles they own.
The perfume game
never slows down.
When girls post their perfume collections,
it's not just about the scent.
It's about the quantity and the brands.
[I'm that Zhang Ran.]
I want to clear a few
things up here.
I did
participate in a show,
but what I said
was maliciously edited.
What I meant was not
what it looked like.
I never called
anyone shameless.
What I was trying to say is that
for an ordinary person like me,
if you want to make something
of yourself in livestreaming,
you have to
be thick-skinned,
and I mean that
in a good way.
So at that time...
Already gone?
Fine.
[I actually agree that]
[ordinary people should be thick-skinned.]
[Doesn't your success]
[prove exactly that?]
[That's your view.]
[I'd rather work my ass off.]
[Some things just shouldn't be said.]
[I get to]
[decide that for myself.]
[It's my choice.]
[I want to]
[be able to look back]
[on my deathbed]
[and say]
[I have nothing]
[to regret.]